Add Metatags for Develop and tutorial sections (#196)
polkadot-developers/polkadot-docs: develop/toolkit/api-libraries/index.md

---
title: API Libraries

> description: Dive into APIs for interacting with the Polkadot network, including Polkadot-API, Polkadot.js, Python Substrate Interface, and Sidecar REST services.

Reviewer: I'd paraphrase this a bit, since I think this is not future-proof if we start adding more APIs

@eshaben  @themacexpert  WDYT about:

```suggestion
description: Explore APIs for interacting with the Polkadot network, focusing on the tools and frameworks that enable blockchain interactions and data retrieval.
```
